# Xohn’s Story

    Chapter First: Star Juice ###

Xohn Starstrucker took a swig from a flask of curdled milk. Supplies aboard her starship the Starborough Fair were dwindling because she was adrift in an asteroid belt outside the Slebgrall System. “I wish I hadn’t run out of alcohol” said the captain of spaceship, her. She cock her xenon pistol. “Guess I’ll smuggle”

“Got to find some artifacts said her ship engines.

Xohn landed on the planet Snick and she was wearing a cool leather boots with kknives and this laser vest and a band of leer that had all her ammo and it looped over and around and over her shoulders and between her tasteful breasts. SHe went to the space tavern and asked the barkeep “Where are the artifacts here” and he polished a metal cup and said “Ah, looks like the beasts of Mars have them in the hill-vaults” He took a swig of metal cup “It’s illegeal”. Xohn pumped her argon shotgun. “I’m illegal” she said. “Ok” said the beer guy.

Xohn went to the stables and there were many speed bikes and a Zeep but Xohn took an alien with a saddle he looked like a 6 legged horse-monkey but instead of legs he had laser jets his name is Samson. The way to the hill-vaults was marked by flares. “Off we go, Samsman” Xohn barked;

The way to the hill-vaults was marked by pylons. The pylons were the remnants of the great Solar Association who had populated the universe when time and space were inverted. The hill-vaults had the big boat steering wheels on them like a real vault in a bank, but they needed a password but the password was on a sticky note on the door. Samson put in the password while Xohn waited nearby, polishing her

Just then there was a knock on the hill. Xohn opened, and there was the Beasts of Mars. She took her boots and placed them on the ceiling with magnets because she knew there was about to be A LOT of blood and her cold leather boots were rare and expensive. The smuggler juggled her guns and said “Time for a struggle” she caught her xenon pistol in her left hand and chambered a sodium round in the chamber and cocked it and spun the cylinder and it landed on a chamber that said TIME’S UP and she pulled the trigger, blasting a bullet through the Beasts of mars and all of them were

in single file so it was a QUINTUPLE-BRANSHOT as they collapsed, spewing noxious chemicals and eldritch bile. One of the Beats was alive still because he was the Alpha and his reflexes made bullets wary. He reached out with a wistful arm and used a claw of great renown to flap the cold gun out of Xohn’s bulky arm-hand. Xohn flicked her cigarette I guess it’s dukes now” she spit. She turned her cowboy hat backwards.

THe Beasts of Mars were great at propheices “I’ve got a prophecy for you” snarled the Asphalt. “Nostradomus told me that you’re dead meat>” Xohn jumped up landed on her knees with one of each knee on one of the Alpha’s granite-like shoulders and she started noggin-boppin’ him in the skull, her fists were like bone-hammers. The beast reached up and tried to grab her cowboy hat but she had cleverly turned it backwards remember and he couldn’t reach it. He stuck his forkéd tongue into her exposed navel, stabbing her fleshmeats. Xohn winched in pain, but she reached down and snatched his tongue and smirked and said “I’m on the first date” and then she did a backflip off of his shoulders while holding his tongue and it flung him backwards into the vault just as Smason had opened it. The beast flew into the vault just as Samnos had opened it and there he was in it. Xohn fwhipped out her argon shotgun and loaded in a potassium shell and chk-chk’d it and as she lowered it at the beast he cackled and said “Wait don’t you want to know about your ancestors?” and she pumped the shotgun again and the shell came out and this time she loaded in a Rutherfordium shell and she bit her lip hard and said I’m making a deposit in this vault and when she pulled the trig an unknowable blast came out of the barrel of it and little pieces of metal ripped through the Alpha Beast and his muscles came out of the holes. He was all shrively now and not even your mother could love him. His muscles writhed on the floor and spelled out “I know your destiny” before they slithered off out of the place.

In the vault there was a single prophylactic and it was filled with what the gods made the universe out of: Star Juice. xohn hefted it into her canvas satchel and said it’s gonna get payday. “Now I just need to smuggle this somewhere” and she walked back to town. The barman gave her some wide eyes, and she said “I’ll take one scotch, black” and he poured her a drink and said “help we’re under attack” and when she looked out the window he was right it turns out there were Imperial thugs in the village garden. Her ship had a big metal ball on a chain tied to it like a prisoner and there was no way. She put on her boots and there were knives in them and she slid out two knives

and said “Knives, hear me now.” she put out her arm and Chessboard the black and white falcon landed on it She drew her two knives and chuckled and her eyes rolled back into her head until the black and red irises that were on the back of her eyes came forward and that meant she was in battle mode. “It’s time to get off this blackwater planet” said the smuggler and she pulled out her knives. “Even if I kill someone.” and she ran out into the street for fighting.

To Be Continued
